So I said I would cover off how to use the newer JMS 2.
0 client API.
The new API has tried to simplify the relationship
between sessions and connections,
and kind of merges these concepts together into a
new object called a JMSContext.
I've created another local Bean interface similar to my previous JMS 1.
1 messageSender interface.
This time, however, the input parameter to the function is a JMSContent,
rather than the session.
Let's see the implementation of this method.
So it's noticeably shorter than the JMS 1.
1 equivalent, but why?
Well firstly, I haven't even injected my ConnectionFactory,
so how does the JMS context get this?
Well, the JMS 2.
0 API specifies a default ConnectionFactory that can be looked up
within any Java Enterprise Edition 7 container.
So the JMSContext will use that by default.
Also, we are now getting a JMSProducer from the context, rather than a JMS 1.
1 messageProducer.
This again has a simpler API,
and in fact allows me to send various pieces of information
without creating a JMS message at all.
There is an overloaded version of the send method that will
take a string or a byte array for example.
In my case, however,
I'm still going to allow the messageCreator function to create the JMS message.
One other thing about the JMSProducer is that it has a more fluent API style.
So for the most part, the methods all return the JMSProducer object itself.
The other difference to the JMS 1.
1 implementation is the exceptions thrown.
They are now all runtime exceptions, not a checked exception even in sight,
so I don't have to catch them here in the code,
I could do without the tricatch block all together,
in which case the exception will be thrown up the stack.
But to demonstrate the exceptions, I've defined them here.
Notice also there isn't a finally block,
the JMSContext can be managed in one of two ways.
The first is using application management,
in which case the application is required to close the JMSContext,
and the other is container management,
which his what we have in a JEE container environment.
So when we inject the JMS context as we have,
the container will take care of correctly closing that context for us.
So let's look at the client of this new JMS 2 message sender.
Well, actually it's pretty much identical to the 1.
1.
version, the only difference is we now inject the JMS2MesageSender,
so we have access to a JMSContext rather than a JMS session, but otherwise the operations are pretty much identical.